# extracurricular
I felt incredibly blindsided by my first coding interview. I thought this should not be the case at all, I go to a good school, and I study computer engineering, how do I not know how to answer these questions if I've taken data structures and algorithms and received an A? So I decided to do what I later learned most people do and practice in an extracurricular fashion for these kinds of interviews and future job problems. I wish I would've learned to do this sooner, but such is life. I'm still not fully convinced that I want to go into software, but since there are a lot of jobs in the field and I don't mind coding, I'm going to study up.
<be>
> "Continuous improvement is better than delayed perfection." -Mark Twain
> "I have studied computer engineering, taken various programming classes, and received A's in them. I even was a course assistant for Intro to Programming, and worked as a research assistant on a machine learning team. Because of this, I think that I am probably pretty good at coding. Now I am going to give you the most accurate analogy I can think of for what it has been like for me to study from interview questions: when I first pulled up the practice interview questions from the Google Tech dev guide, even with all of this coding experience, it felt like if I, being someone who can speak Spanish, French, and Italian, was told to solve a riddle in Portuguese. As in, I can understand most of the question because I am familiar with the words, but with my knowledge of these languages, I can barely even guess at which words to use to see they are similar to Portuguese. Maybe the word is the same as the one in Spanish, or maybe it's the same as the one in Italian, and I have to just guess and hope for the best. It is a horrible experience. So now I suppose I must study." -me 
